Namaste everyone
today on account of international yoga
day we'll do a special yoga for Humanity
first inhale Bend back
take your both hands above your head
again exhale come down
try to touch your head on the knees
now take your
one leg back and veerabhadrasana
a
or Warrior one
Warrior Two
try to strengthen your spine
now
look at your above Palm
these all Asana will help you to heal
yourself
again
straighten your knee
now
look at your upper Palm
now try to reduce your distance between
your legs
and straighten your both the knees
exhale
now ashwa sanchana place your back knee
down and Bend back as back as possible
front leg should be 90 degree
now
will be doing one balancing Asana
that is a
Warrior three try to straighten your
back leg
and seam leg will be going up in a
brikshasana triples
straighten your upper body and again
inhale Bend back
and samasthiti thank you so much for
watching this video